# ðŸ¥ Inspiration? 
Maintaining healthcare is one of the primary goals in everyone's life. However, going to different doctors, generates lot of clutter in the form of different files for each doctor, different prescriptions, clashing medications etc. 

Electronic Health Records (EHRs) are scarcely used in our country, and generally private closed softwares are used for a specific hospital or clinic. 

We wanted to create a system allowing the patients to keep track of all their hospital visits, prescriptions and have a clear and standardised format for storing patient-history.


# ðŸ“ What?  
**MediVault** is an EHR app, where users (i.e. patients) can keep track of their own hospital visits, prescriptions and history. 

Users can store their hospital visits, the prescription, the diagnosis as well as prognosis advised by the doctor. 

Users can also set alarms for their medications, specifying the time and quantity of a particular medicine.

Using a distinct code generated by the hospital, the patient history can be accessed by the hosptials only in case of emergencies . Users can also set emergency contacts.

# How? 
- NextJS Pages 
- Konsta UI Framework -> Beautiful UI Library
- Auth0 -> A wonderful library to ease authentication
- MongoDB Atlas -> To Store User Information like prescriptions, records etc

# ðŸš€ Challenges 
Using MongoDB Atlas was a challenge for us as we had previously never heard or used itðŸ˜… 
However, it was a great experience learning about it this weekend, and we look forward to working with it in the future!

# ðŸ§  What we learned 
This was an amazing journey! This was our first online overnight hackathon and we were worried about how we would work together. But we figured it out and had a blast! 
We learned how we can use Auth0 to keep user's health data safe and secure. We learnt how to use MongoDB Atlas for storing health records on the cloud. 

# What's next for MediVault ?
In the future, as we learn more about these technologies, we want to create a unified healthcare app where both the doctor and the patients are users and doctors can directly see patient history on their side of the app. This will make the experience of visiting a doctor even smoother and stress free!

Also a feature to share medical journal with family members
